speech = "Partial transcript of Donald Trump’s speech in Hilton Head, South Carolina And then that was it. I responded. So he asked me a question. The question was fine. You know, professionally written. So he asked me a question. I give him an answer. I blow him away. Right? Everybody says Trump won the debate. Everybody. And that’s it. And the ad is him asking the question and I’m standing here like this because I haven’t – in fact you see in one of them I’m just about ready to open my mouth. But he doesn’t let me respond. That’s almost false advertising. Isn’t it? So I mentioned it. Hillary is a disaster. I mean, Hillary – Hillary’s controlled by her money. So is Jeb. By the way, I’m the only one self-funding my campaign. I’m self-funding. You know, one of the things that makes me happy, I heard one of the commentators this morning said: “You know, I’ve been watching this stuff for 50 years. I’ve never seen anything like what’s happened with Trump.” I think low energy was a brutal statement. Right? And by the way, low energy can be applied to Hillary. I just don’t like to use the same thing twice on one of my enemies. Right? Because I consider them enemies. We view this as war. Don’t we view this as war? It’s war. It’s war. So you don’t like to use it. I hate to give it up. So here’s the story. So we are in a situation where we have incompetent leadership, where our trade deals are killing us, our military is not prepared. Gen. Odierno when he left just recently he said we are less prepared now than at anytime that he can remember, and I think he went back to the beginning. But let’s say Second World War. Okay? That’s enough. Now we should be very prepared now because the world hates us. She has done a terrible job as Secretary of State. I mean, think of it. Putin comes out, he said, “Donald Trump is brilliant. He’s doing an amazing job and he’s leading the pack.” Okay. That’s nice. And she and my opponents say “Oh, isn’t that terrible that Putin said – “ Wouldn’t it be nice if we could get along with the world? Wouldn’t it be? Seriously? No, no. Wouldn’t it be nice? I mean, they want me to refuse his statement. “How dare you say I’m brilliant.” Who’s going to do that? And by the way, if he said it about any one of them, they would have been very happy. But the point is we have to get along. The world has blown up around Barack Obama. Now, I don’t know if you saw his recent release. They were talking about the Department of State. State Department. And they said very strongly, you know, the things that they’ve done. Well, they couldn’t find it because what have they done that’s good? And they said bringing peace to Syria. Did you see that? So instead of saying they made a mistake, call it a typo, they made a mistake, they’re trying to justify it. “Well, we meant we’re working on it.” Can you believe? Bringing peace to Syria. The world is blowing up. The migration in Syria. They say one of their achievements of the year is bringing peace to Syria. And the whole world is talking about it. It’s the level of stupidity is incredible. I’m telling you. I used to use the word incompetent. Now, I just call them stupid. I went to an Ivy League school. I’m very highly educated. I know words. I have the best words. I have the – but there’s no better word than stupid. Right? There is none. There is none. There’s no word like that.So, we are going to turn things around. But if we have Hillary, I’ve got to tell you, I just saw where for the last week she’s been hitting me really hard with the women card. Okay? Really hard. And I had to say, “Okay, that’s enough. That’s enough.” And we did a strong number. She’s not going to win. And by the way, I love the concept – I love, love, love having a woman president. Can’t be her. She’s horrible. She’s horrible.
"
